content/post/2021-09-27-ClusterValidityIndices/index.md, before:

---
title: ClusterValidityIndices.jl
subtitle: A Julia package for incremental and batch Cluster Validity Indices (CVI/ICVI).
date: 2019-07-29
authors: ["admin"]
categories: ["projects"]
tags: ["Julia", "CVI", "ICVI"]
summary: A Julia package for incremental and batch Cluster Validity Indices (CVI/ICVI).
featured: true
# profile: true
# commentable: true
# share: true

# Link this post with a project
projects: ["ClusterValidityIndices.jl"]

links:
  - icon_pack: fab
    icon: osi
    name: Publication
    url: '/publication/joss-cvi'

header:
    # image: headers/bubbles-wide.jpg
    image: path.jpg
    caption: "Image credit:  [**Academic**](https://github.com/gcushen/hugo-academic/)"

# Featured image
# To use, place an image named `featured.jpg/png` in your page's folder.
# Placement options: 1 = Full column width, 2 = Out-set, 3 = Screen-width
# Focal point options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
# Set `preview_only` to `true` to just use the image for thumbnails.
image:
  placement: 1
  caption: "ART Module Architecture"
  # focal_point: "Center"
  focal_point: "TopLeft"
  preview_only: false
---

`ClusterValidityIndices.jl` is a registered JuliaHub package for incremental and batch Cluster Validity Indices (CVI/ICVI).
These algorithms are used for determining the quality and performance of a clustering algorithm in the absence of a supervisory signal.

Commit message:

Remove funding, update project and post pages

content/post/2021-09-27-ClusterValidityIndices/index.md, after:

---
title: ClusterValidityIndices.jl is released on JuliaHub
subtitle: ClusterValidityIndices.jl is registered as an official JuliaHub package at version 0.1.0.
date: 2019-07-29
authors: ["admin"]
categories: ["projects"]
tags: ["Julia", "CVI", "ICVI"]
summary: ClusterValidityIndices.jl is registered as an official JuliaHub package at version 0.1.0.
featured: true
# profile: true
# commentable: true
# share: true

# Link this post with a project
projects: ["ClusterValidityIndices.jl"]

links:
  - icon_pack: fab
    icon: osi
    name: Publication
    url: '/publication/joss-cvi'

header:
    # image: headers/bubbles-wide.jpg
    image: path.jpg
    caption: "Image credit:  [**Academic**](https://github.com/gcushen/hugo-academic/)"

# Featured image
# To use, place an image named `featured.jpg/png` in your page's folder.
# Placement options: 1 = Full column width, 2 = Out-set, 3 = Screen-width
# Focal point options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
# Set `preview_only` to `true` to just use the image for thumbnails.
image:
  placement: 1
  caption: "ART Module Architecture"
  # focal_point: "Center"
  focal_point: "TopLeft"
  preview_only: false
---

`ClusterValidityIndices.jl` has been released on JuliaHub!
Please see the [project page](/project/clustervalidityindices) to learn more about the project, JuliaHub, and CVI/ICVI.
